ASSIGNMENT#01
Q.1  What is Git?
Ans: Git is a software that is used for Version Control. It is free and open source. Git is a first version controlling system designed to handle everything with speed and efficiency.
Q.2 What is difference  between Git and SVN ?
Ans: Git is a distributed VCS; SVN is a non-distributed VCS. Git has a centralized repository while SVN does not have a centralized repository.  Git does not have the global revision number feature like SVN has. GIT is more protected than SVN.
Q.3 Write a command to commit your work in Git?
Ans: The git pull command combines two other commands, git fetch and git merge . A fetch command, resulting commits are stored as "Push" your branch. When working with feature branches on a team, it is typically not appropriate to merge your own code into master.
Q.4Create a repository with your name with unique roll number in GitHub?
Ans: Owner: RabeesaShakeel 172.
Q.5 What is tha Staging area or index in Git?
Ans: Staging is a step before the commit process in git. That is, a commit in git is performed in two steps: staging and actual commit. One of the biggest advantages of Git is its branching capabilities. Unlike centralized version control systems, Git branches are cheap and easy to merge.
Q.6 What is the Git clone?
Ans: The git clone command copies an existing Git repository. It has its own history, manages its own files, and is a completely isolated environment from the original repository.
Q.7 What is the command to delete branch?
Ans: To force the delete to happen, you will need to use (uppercase D). To delete a branch forcibly, use -D instead of -d. It prunes and deletes remote-tracking branches from a git branch -r listing.
Q.8 Explain the architecture of Git in your own words?
Ans: The Git Three-Tree Architecture. Git implements a three-tree architecture (a “tree” in this context refers to a directory structure and files).Keep in mind that the Git re po is defined by all files that stored in the .git folder.
Q.9 How to resolve conflicts in Git?
Ans: The solution is very simple. git checkout <filename> tries to check out file from the index, and therefore fails on merge. What you need to do is (i.e. checkout a commit):. To checkout your own version you can use one of: git checkout HEAD -- <filename>. or git checkout --ours -- <filename>. or git show .
